[Squad Member] Over here!
-I think I found someone.
-Units 11 and 16.
-Hurry.
-Hurry up
and search for survivors.
The rest of you,
you're coming with me.
[Squad] Sir.
[Yasochika] Leave
the dead for later.
The wounded are our
priority right now.
-He didn't make it.
-That one looks critical.
Take him to room 203, hurry.
(Isane sighing)
Captain Unohana, was it
really the right thing
for us to do, to remain
here in the barracks?
We might've saved more
lives if we'd been out there
-with the rest of the-
-Isane.
We can't let our feelings
dictate our actions.
The natural reaction
would have been for us
to leave our posts
out of concern.
But I know you are not so
short-sighted that I need
to explain to you why that
would have been wrong.
We both know you're
wiser than that.
Right.
I'm sorry, ma'am
(sobs), forgive me!
There's no need
for tears, Isane.
"Do not leave the Squad
4 barracks," he told us.
"No matter what."
Who knew that when the Head
Captain gave us those orders
they would be the last
that he would ever give?
(rain pattering)
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
Kisuke Urahara wanted you
to know he's alive and well.
And that Orihime Inoue
and Yasutora Sado
are both safe, too.
That's about it, Sir.
We don't have any more
details than that.
All right.
What?
That's a goddamn lie!
There's no way.
No way Captain Zaraki
lost to that guy!
[Nurse] You need to calm down.
-Please.
-I need to see him!
-Captain!
-Ichigo.
You need some proper
medical treatment as well.
Why don't you come
along with me.
Nah, I'm okay.
They already looked me
over and bandaged me up.
Come on, I'm not
just talking about
those scratches on your face!
I can tell you've been
seriously wounded!
Ichigo.
Rukia and Abarai just
got out of surgery.
They're no longer in
critical condition.
They're stable now.
Just call me if
you need anything.
Ichigo.
Rukia!
Hey, you shouldn't
even be talking.
[Squad Member] This
came for you, Sir.
She just said we're
in stable condition,
or have you gone deaf.
On top of being dumb?
Dumb huh?
Sounds like your mouth
is working just fine.
(heart monitor beeping)
Ichigo, I knew you'd come to
help defend the Soul Society.
Thank you.
Of course I came.
A little late, though.
I can't say I was
very much help.
Shut up.
You drove off the leader
of the enemy's forces.
If you hadn't done what you did,
things would've gotten
a whole lot worse.
So hold your head up
high, you damn idiot.
[Ichigo] If you say so.
(Rukia chuckling)
Pardon the intrusion, Sir.
Captain Kurotsuchi
wants to see you,
regarding your Zanpakuto.
-(rain pattering)
-(worrisome music)
[Shinji] So typical.
He's always running
off somewhere,
no matter what the situation is.
I wish he'd sit still and think
of his own well-being for once.
Captain Hirako,
did Ichigo seem
different to you?
He seemed troubled.
Yeah, I couldn't help
noticing that as well.
Though to be fair, his
Zanpakuto was broken.
He's exhausted and disappointed
he couldn't do more.
But I wouldn't worry
about him too much.
I don't know.
I think there's more
to it than that.
It seems like he's dealing
with something else.
Something serious that
he's hiding from us.
(gentle music)
[Jushiro] The Head Captain's
body has yet to be found.
The enemy destroyed
virtually everything.
I have an update, Sir.
It appears that Squad
Captain Byakuya Kuchiki
as well as Kenpachi Zaraki
have both managed to survive.
But they have yet to
regain consciousness.
It's unlikely they
will be able to return
to their duties any time soon.
In fact, they may never
regain consciousness again,
-it would seem-
-Get out!
We've had enough grim
tidings for one day.
Where have you been?
Haven't you heard we lost
the Head Captain, you fool?
How much more bad news
are we supposed to take?
Get a grip.
It's embarrassing.
[Soi] Get a grip?
That's easy for you to say!
You guys have always
held a grudge against
the Head Captain
all these years!
Don't you dare.
Enough, Soi Fon!
Do you think you're the
only one who feels shattered
by our loss?
(Soi gasping)
Now, now.
-No fighting, no fighting.
-(hands clapping)
Play nice, everyone.
If Old Man Yama was here to
see us squabbling like this,
he'd give us all a
good smack on the head.
Nor would he want
us standing around
bawling our heads
off over his memory.
Shunsui, you bastard.
Remember what our purpose is.
The Thirteen Court
Guard Squads aren't here
to mourn the Soul Society.
Our only job is to
protect the Soul Society.
Or at least what's left of it.
So let's all just try and
keep moving forward, shall we?
You can't fix it?
Why can't you?
What do you do when your
Zanpakuto gets broken?
Are you really telling me
you can't fix your own?
When will you learn?
I have never fixed my Zanpakuto,
I have merely modified it.
The only thing that
can fix a Zanpakuto
is its owner's own mind
and Spiritual Pressure,
and enough time to
infuse them both
into the Zanpakuto itself.
That's the only way.
(sighs) Okay, fine.
So what you're saying is,
I have to take it back
and fix the damn thing myself.
Not quite.
I hadn't finished
my explanation.
Huh?
That only applies to Shikai.
If we're talking
about the destruction
of a Zanpakuto's Bankai,
then that's a bit trickier.
Because once destroyed,
a Bankai can never
in fact be restored,
I'm sorry to say.
What?
Wait a minute.
But then, what's that mean?
(communicator beeping)
Yes, I'm here.
(door whooshing)
(Kon screaming)
-Get away from me.
-Come back here, you.
-Kon?
-[Squad Member] Get him!
What the heck is Kon doing
here in the Soul Society?
-(door whooshing)
-I see.
Just as I thought.
Very well.
-I'm headed there now.
-Huh?
You can come with
me, Ichigo Kurosaki.
We're expecting visitors.
And if I have to meet them,
you should have
to meet them, too.
The great Squad
Zero is on its way.
-Shinji!
-Huh?
Oh, you've come to
welcome them, too?
You might regret this, Ichigo.
Why's this Squad
Zero coming now?
I mean after the Seireitei's
been completely annihilated?
Where have they
been all this time?
In the Royal Palace.
Okay, but isn't that
within the Seireitei?
Remember how those walls
fell out of the sky
when you first came here?
(Ichigo gasping)
Those walls have remained down,
forming a barrier around
this area, ever since you
and your friends got here.
The walls were
only ever intended
to surround the Seireitei
during emergencies.
Why is it then, they're
still down here,
instead of where they
should be up in the sky,
protecting the Royal Palace?
(Ichigo gasping)
Look, here they are.
(ground rumbling)
What is that?
Tenchuren.
Squad Zero uses it
to get around in.
It has plenty of room
for five squad members.
[Ichigo] What?
There's only five?
[Shunsui] It's a squad
of captains only.
-Five of 'em.
-(door rumbling)
But the combined
power of those five
is greater than that of all the
Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
(uplifting music)
(ground rumbling)
(flag flying)
(dramatic music)
Hell, yeah, that's right!
We're here, drink it
in, we are finally here!
The one and only Squad
Zero is in the house!
Long time no see, you rookies!
How've you been keeping
yourselves, huh?
Have you been eating right,
-getting enough sleep,
-I can't say these guys
are exactly what I
pictured they'd be.
-(hand thudding)
-(Shinji yelling)
What the hell was that for?
It's been a while,
hasn't it, Shinji?
Hiyori isn't with you
today? How rare!
It's been a while?
I don't even know you.
Wait.
Hiyori?
Have you forgotten who I am?
It's me, Kirio!
Remember?
M-Miss Kirio?
Whoa, you've, you've changed.
You look completely different!
Oh, Shinji, stop your teasing!
I haven't changed all that much.
-(stomach growling)
-Oh, I am starving!
(chuckles) I bet you're happy
to see me again, Unohana.
Are ya?
So anyway, I'm curious,
have you been putting
all those healing techniques
I taught you to good use?
Yes, of course
Ya sure about that?
'Cause from what I heard,
you guys ended up having
to bury a lot of
your squad members.
How do you explain that, hm?
(Retsu sighing)
Enough of that!
I know you wanna kiss
and catch up, but save it
'cause we've got
bigger fish to fry!
(Tenjiro groaning)
Well, I see no one in Squad
Zero's changed very much,
have they, Osho?
So, what's made you decide to
bless us with your presence?
Hmm.
So this is Ichigo Kurosaki, huh?
The Soul King ordered us to come
and start rebuilding the
Thirteen Court Guard squads.
And the first order of business
is to take Ichigo
back with us.
You gotta be kidding!
The great Squad Zero, huh?
Cooling your heels up in the sky
while the Seireitei
was being destroyed!
And now you think you can
just come floating down here
and pick up the pieces?
What is this, some kind of joke?
[Ichibe] Right, well,
anyway, as I was saying,
-our orders are to-
-Hey.
Shut up, will ya?
What kind of move was that?
The only joke
around here is you.
The Thirteen Court Guard Squads.
Remind me what your job even is.
I know our job's to
protect the Royal Palace.
I always thought your job
was to protect the Seireitei.
What kind of Court Guard
goes crying for help
after failing at the
one job they've got?
You're not even
worthy of the name.
-(fist thudding)
-(Tenjiro yelling)
Hey, watch the hair!
(Tenjiro thudding)
I told you to save
all that for later.
Let's just finish gathering
up what we came here to get.
[Senjumaru] No need.
Hmm?
I took care of it.
Everything else on the list
of things we were sent to get
is right here.
-(dramatic music)
-(all gasping)
That means the only
one remaining is you.
Ichigo Kurosaki.
Not possible.
The three people you're
holding in those spheres
are in absolutely no condition
to leave the
Seireitei right now.
I cannot allow you to
take them with you.
Hmm.
Their condition is the reason
we're taking them with us.
in the first place.
Hey, you know as well as anyone,
you haven't got
the healing chops
to make those three
rookies well again.
You know it's true,
don't you, Retsu?
Besides, you have more
important things than healing
to be focused on right now.
So I see you broke into my lab.
You haven't changed.
You're just as
disrespectful as ever.
Well, well, if it isn't
my dear old friend Mayuri.
It's a bit of an exaggeration
to say that I broke
into your lab.
The fact is, I was
able to walk right in.
I barely even had
to touch the door.
Really.
It seems to me that security
has gotten a lot shabbier
since I was around.
(Mayuri scoffing)
Wait. Back up just a minute!
Did you guys say you
wanted to take me too?
My wounds are nothing!
I'll recover just fine
here in the Seireitei.
Hmm.
Yes, we know.
But we'll be taking you for
an entirely different reason.
And that is?
[Kisuke] Hello there, everybody!
Hey, sorry I didn't
get in touch sooner.
I bet you were worried
about me, weren't you?
Well, as you can see,
I'm fit as a fiddle!
Hello?
Wow, I was expecting a
little bit more of a welcome.
-I mean-
-What's going on?
Why did my head crack open?
I've got light coming
out of my brain!
-(Kon screaming)
-Ichigo!
Oh, thank goodness
you're all right!
Everything is okay
over there, I hope?
Just fine.
How 'bout yourself?
Are you doing all right?
Yeah, I'm okay, don't worry.
Ichigo!
Oh man, am I glad you're safe.
Right back at ya.
I even can't begin to tell
ya how worried I've been.
[Kisuke] Yeah, I know, I know.
I wanted to contact you sooner,
but well a lot's happened.
[Grimmjow] Hey, who are
you talking to in there?
-Oh.
-Uh.
Wait a second, that
sounds a lot like-
[Grimmjow] Hey! I
know that voice!
[Kisuke] Orihime!
Chad, help!
[Grimmjow] Ichigo, you bastard!
-I know you're in there!
-No, no.
-He isn't in here, honest.
-Kisuke,
what the hell's he doing there?
What's goin' on?
Anyway, as you can see,
we're all perfectly fine
on this end, Ichigo.
So you just do what you have
to do, don't worry about us.
It's okay to think about
yourself for a change.
Go wherever your heart
tells you you should go.
(Grimmjow yelling)
Oh, and by the way, don't
give him a second thought.
We've kind of come
to an arrangement.
Well, see ya later!
[Chad] Was it smart,
telling him that?
Telling him what?
Aah, I'm not worried about it,
because if Ichigo does what
his heart tells him to do
and nothing else I've
got a pretty good feeling
that the world and
all of us in it
will be a lot better
off because of it.
I mean, come on, you two should
know that better than I do.
And believe me, the guy who
knows that better than anyone
is Ichigo himself.
[Ichigo] Hey, Baldy.
Are you talking to me?
[Ichigo] If I go to this
Royal Palace with you,
will I be able to fix
my Tensa Zangetsu?
Nope, that's impossible.
Your sword can't be fixed.
However, if you were to
come to the Royal Palace,
we could re-forge
it into something
resembling your original sword.
-Fine.
-Hm?
Let's go, then.
The Royal Palace it is.
All right.
Stand by for launch!
Huh?
And lift off!
[Ichigo] Aren't there any
seat belts on this thing?
[Ganju] There he goes.
Are you sure it was the
right thing to do, Sis?
Yeah.
If he doesn't go
now, the Soul Society
is doomed when the
next invasion comes.
It's not like we had a choice.
We had to let him go
even if that means
making our Uncle sad.
Right, everyone back to
Kukaku's Great Training Hall,
on the double!
My brother's not going
to train himself.
Don't forget who took
you in off the streets
of the Rukon District.
[Kugo] I hate the way she
keeps reminding us of that.
[Giriko] You and me both.
[Kukaku] Time for you
to step up, Ganju.
You can complain all you want,
but I'm throwing you
into the next battle.
Got it.
(ground rumbling)
[Ichibe] You can
get out now, Ichigo!
We're here!
The Royal Palace!
(gentle music)
So this is it.
That's right!
You're lucky.
You might not be
aware of this, my boy,
but Soul Reapers aren't
ordinarily allowed up here.
But then, there's nothing
really ordinary about you,
is there?
So this is the place Aizen
so desperately
wanted to come to.
Hey, wait a minute!
Am I missing something?
I thought you couldn't
get into the Royal Palace
without the Ouken!
(chuckles) It's here.
Our bones are the Ouken.
That's right, they were
transformed by the power
of the Soul King when
we were selected by him
to join Squad Zero.
You see, there are only
two ways to gain entrance
to the Royal Palace.
Either we choose to allow you
in or you come in with us.
Sosuke Aizen was trying
to make an imitation Ouken
of his own.
In other words, he was trying
to use his own spiritual
powers to create clones of us.
He wanted to make
himself into a new god.
By killing the king, as
well as millions of others.
Sosuke Aizen.
He truly is evil personified.
But know this, Ichigo Kurosaki,
the Quincies you are now facing
are an even greater
and more terrible evil.
(Ichigo grunting)
All right, ready?
I'm gonna blast you off now!
Stand right there!
Don't move, or you'll die!
Okay, here goes.
Wait, hold on a second!
What is it?
I don't even know where
the hell I'm headed!
Am I going to meet
the Soul King?
Huh?
Come on, you're not
serious, are ya?
There's no way a punk
like you is ever gonna
meet the Soul King.
-What did I say
-Try explaining it
-about the hair?
-to him properly!
Now listen closely.
Right now, we're at
the main entrance.
Over there is the main shrine,
the Reio Greater Palace.
That's where the
Soul King resides.
And those five disc-like
structures floating around it
are the Squad Zero Riden.
Those are our castles.
You got that?
You see, there's five of 'em.
But forget the other
four, it's my Kirinden
that you're coming to.
Meaning you and your friends.
(Ichigo sighing)
[Ichigo] What the hell is this?
[Tenjiro] What's it look like?
Haven't you ever seen
a hot spring, before?
[Ichigo] Why are
they underwater?
You're gonna drown them!
-Look, he's bleeding!
-Calm down.
I'm soaking them
in the hot spring
in order to drain out their
damaged Spiritual Pressure
along with their blood.
Damaged Spiritual Pressure?
You see that boiling,
red-hot spring over there?
[Ichigo] (gasps)
Blood Pond Hell?
[Tenjiro] Right,
Blood Pond Hell.
So we're gonna take Byakuya
here, who's all drained out
and toss him in there!
Hey, what are you doing?
You're gonna kill the guy.
Would you please
calm the hell down?
I draw out their blood
in White Bone Hell
and replenish it
in Blood Pond Hell.
Repeat the process a few times
and eventually, every
drop of bad blood
and Spiritual Pressure
in their bodies
will be swapped out for
pure, hot, healthy water.
That's the way I heal 'em.
I find it a little
hard to believe
that this thing is gonna-
Just shut up and start soaking.
For the kind of
injuries you have,
one night should do it.
That's all it'll take to make
you twice as good as new.
(dramatic music)
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Ichibe] Hmm?
Ah, so you're awake, Soul King.
(mystical music)
[Kenpachi] Neither form nor
soul will escape my blade.
Nothing except you.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)